Feat: event_factory support + targets to aid ECS (#49)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-jms: docs/index.asciidoc

  configurations, should also use the combination of yaml file and Logstash configuration.

==== Compatibility with the Elastic Common Schema (ECS)

> JMS data is application specific, thus making fields compliant with the Elastic Common Schema depends on the use-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JMS data is application specific. ECS compliance for fields depends on the use case.
```

The plugin includes sensible defaults that change based on <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility,ECS compatibility mode>>.

> See <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-headers_target>>, <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-properties_target>> and <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-target>>.

Author: not sure about examples - showcasing a different default for headers, what's the point?

Reviewer 2: A high-level ethos statement may be useful. Something like:

```suggestion
When ECS compatibility is disabled, headers, properties, and payload are targeted at the root level of the event to maintain compatibility with legacy usage of this plugin.
When targeting an ECS version, headers and properties target `@metadata` sub-fields unless configured otherwise in order to avoid conflict with ECS fields.
See <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-headers_target>>, <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-properties_target>> and <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-target>>.
```

Reviewer 2: A high-level ethos statement may be useful. Something like:

```suggestion
When ECS compatibility is disabled, headers, properties, and payload are targeted at the root level of the event to maintain compatibility with legacy usage of this plugin.
When targeting an ECS version, headers and properties target `@metadata` sub-fields unless configured otherwise in order to avoid conflict with ECS fields.
See <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-headers_target>>, <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-properties_target>> and <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-target>>.
```

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-include_header"]
===== `include_header`

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * This option is deprecated

Note: This option is deprecated and it will be removed in the next major version of Logstash.
Use `include_headers` instead.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-include_headers"]
===== `include_headers`

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `true`

A JMS message has three parts:

  * Message Headers (required)
  * Message Properties (optional)
  * Message Body (optional)

You can tell the input plugin which parts should be included in the event produced by Logstash.

Include standard JMS message header field values in the event.
Example headers:
[source,ruby]
-----
    {
        "jms_message_id" => "ID:amqhost-39547-1636977297920-71:1:1:1:1",
        "jms_timestamp" => 1636977329102,
        "jms_expiration" => 0,
        "jms_delivery_mode" => "persistent",
        "jms_redelivered" => false,
        "jms_destination" => "topic://41ad5342149901ad",
        "jms_priority" => 4,
        "jms_type" => "sample",
        "jms_correlation_id" => "28d975cb-14ff-4285-841e-05ef1e0a7ab2"
    }

> -----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-----

NOTE: when this plugin is run with <<`ecs_compatibility => disabled`,plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ecs_compatibility>>, the JMS delivery mode header is provided as `jms_delivery_mode_sym` to maintain compatibility with legacy behavior.
```
